[samsungtv] Additional hint for environment variable when using in docker container (#19577)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.samsungtv/README.md

  - enable/disable `Enable multicast enhancement (IGMPv3)` if you have it (sometimes this helps).
  - Try to connect your openHAB machine or TV via Ethernet instead of WiFi (AP's can filter Multicasts).
  - Make sure you don't have any firewall rules blocking multicast.

>   - if you are using a Docker container, ensure you use the `--net=host` setting, as Docker filters multicast broadcasts by default. (if you still have problems, consider the usage of some jupnp environment variables as discussed at https://community.openhab.org/t/upnp-based-discovery-does-not-work-on-host-networked-docker-container/144360/21)

Reviewer: Please link our official documentation instead of a post in the community forum.
I already provided the link in the documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - if you are using a Docker container, ensure you use the `--net=host` setting, as Docker filters multicast broadcasts by default. If device discovery still does not work, try other jupnp environment variables as described in [openHAB Docker documentation](https://www.openhab.org/docs/installation/docker.html#universal-plug-and-play-upnp)
```
